This solution uses [web components](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components), which has not been implemented on Internet Explorer; Safari (Web-kit) has chosen not to implement Custom Eelements. An error message has been set up to replace the index page on any browsers that do not support Web Components. Browsers suggested are Firefox and Chromium-based browsers.

The database is populated with preloaded values, which are defined in the DBInit.cs file under the DAL catalogue. Preset routes, terminals, boats, customers and orders were created to simulate an actual boat trip ordering site/database. All routes on the database have the variable `ticketsLeft`; in order to generate different initial values for `ticketsLeft` for each route/day, orders are added in the DBInit file. Some routes may be sold out, which can be also seen on the calendar in `index.html`.

It was decided that one order contains only one direction. This means that if a round trip is chosen, two orders will be saved (one outbound, one inbound). Two "tickets" are thus displayed in the order confirmation page. An ER Diagram for the database can be found in the DAL folder, where the logic is visually represented.

Finally, upon testing, it was found that error alerts might sometimes appear on Firefox incorrectly. The issues were not easily reproducible and seemed to occur with a certain level of randomness (and rarity); it is likely that they are related to response times from the server. A timeout was set, which drastically reduced occurrences, but on rare occasions an error message may still briefly appear before redirection.
